What do I want to learn or understand better?
In this course I want to improve my skills in working with a team. This is the biggest team I have ever worked with during my studies with 7 people working together. I think it is a perfect opportunity to improve in team work.
How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
I think I have some skills that the rest of the team may not have. An example would be that in IT we have worked more in groups than my team members who do not study in IT. We have had some courses that can contribute to the project in other ways than the rest of the team such as Data structure and algorithms, interface design and other programming projects. 
What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
I think scrum makes it easier to break down the project into smaller pieces, which makes the goal easier to achieve. It helps also with the tasks and how we distribute them.
What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
My first goal is to attend all group meetings and contribute with the amount of time we have agreed on in the contract. 

Week 2
This week was like last week when it comes to my knowledge of scrum and my contributions to the team. The project is still in its early stages and I think I am going to contribute more to the team and the project in the next weeks. But so far have not been able to contribute a lot to the team’s use of scrum. 
We have discussed more how we can approach this project and what could be the best solution whether it could be a phone application, or a website accessed through a phone or a computer. 
 We have contacted our stakeholder about a meeting next week, but I think It might have been better to have the meeting this week since we could get more ideas and new understanding of what we are expected to do. 
So far have not been able to contribute a lot other than with ideas and in discussions but as I mentioned earlier we have formed a clearer image of the project therefore there still is time for more contribution in different aspects of the project.

Week 3
During this week we chose the website solution since it can be used with multiple platforms, therefore we design one application and one application only that can be used on for example both android OS and IOS, and windows and Mac OS.
A website means that we are going to use HTML, CSS and JavaScript mainly. I have some experience in those areas, but it was long time ago since I used them. I think my skills needs to be sharpened before I try to teach anything to anyone of my team members, but it might not be that hard to quickly learn them again.
This week was officially the first sprint for our team. We planned this sprint and wrote some user stories. We started using Trello as our scrum board. It is an easily accessible application and even easy to use and manage the board.
In terms of other applications, we decided to use GitHub to have our project on. GitHub is widely known platform and most of the team have used it at least once before. We decided to use Glitch also, which is a website that let multiple users edit a file simultaneously.
The project is now starting to take form, but I still do not have a clear role in the team. I think that having clear roles is something we can work more on. We could for example a have a scrum master role to have a better idea of the sprint’s progress. My goal for the next weeks is to have a clearer role in this project since it felt like I could be doing multiple things, but I want to focus on one thing only. 

Week 4
During this week, our website has started to take a better shape. Obada and I worked on the implementation of the map and implemented markers for each parking and started with the new feature we will be working on, the info window. 
We introduced a new role, a scrum master role in the team. I think it will help keeping track of the work and having a good pace during each sprint. It will also help with having a better structure in the team. 
My goal remains the same as last week, which is understanding the project as a whole, but working on one specific thing. I think I have come closer to achieving that since Obada and I are working one the map and the info on it only. 

Week 5
As I mentioned last week, my role and what I should be working on became clearer. I continued to work on the map with Obada. We worked on our feature for the week which is the info window. An info window is going to help with displaying some valuable information about each parking. Another feature is the clusters of the markers on the map, this will help the map look cleaner.
Other than that, we carried the sprint out the same way we have did last week, since this was the second week of a having a scrum master. We agreed on changing the scrum master every week and I am hoping I will get the chance to try it before this course comes to an end.

Week 6
This week we started to work on the user-friendly side of our website after our stakeholder pointed it out. The features were to make it easier for the user to know for how long a parking is available by its marker color, and if it is a night parking or not etc.
We tried also implementing a feature for the closest parking, but It did not work very well and will continue to work on it next week. 

Week 7 
This is the last week of this project, therefore we focused on fixing bugs and do our final touches. We did not implement many new features during this week, but we did a lot of small tasks. 
We decided to not continue with the feature we started last week, the closest parking feature. We focused mainly on solving issues, bugs, user-friendliness and merge conflicts. 
We reviewed most of our code to see how well documented it was and if the code was well written and implemented. 
I was also given the chance to be a scrum master. It was a quite interesting role. I had the chance to learn more about what my team members are doing. I also learnt more about team communication and how to evaluate the sprint and our KPI:s.
Overall, I am really happy with this course and our project. I feel like we really did something that can be used. Our stakeholder was also happy with the work we did and thinks that our work can be extended to more cities across Sweden and even Europe.
